# HW1

This jupyter notebook file depends on `matplotlib`, `numpy` and `pandas`.

A copy of all the plots is in `/img` as well. 

## Question 5

In the pdf that I handed in during the class, I have all the plot needed.

The code is in a jupyter notebook file `question5.ipynb`.

Function that do **problem 1** is called `plot_function`. It prints a plot of the given function.

Function that do **problem 2** is called `gradient_descent`. Along with some helper functions, `gradient_descent` takes in the initial point, max number of iteration and learning rate and returns the points that it goes through during each descent. The points are returned as a list of points where points are also represented as list with fixed length of 3. Also, this function prints out the iteration needed to convergence when possible. It stops when it exceeds max iteration number or find infinite. Corresponding messages is going to be provided.

The default **epsilon** is **0.001** and the **max number of iteration** is **10000** in my code.

In the following code blocks, problem **1,3,4,5** is presented. If you want to see the results of the points generated by each gradient_descent, simply uncomment the last line of each block.

## Question 6

In the pdf that I handed in during the class, I have all the plot needed.

The code is in a jupyter notebook file `question6.ipynb`.

Function calculate the theta star generated from closed form is called `calculate_theta`. It takes no parameter since I write down the data as a global variable.

Then I plot the data and the line in the following code block. Simply run it, you will get the plot.
